---
tags: [activities, en]
---

> In progress

# Bett 2025 edtech fair

I've recently had a chance to participate in the biggest edtech fair **in the world** - Bett 2025 - in London. I didn't have a big plan or passion, just wanted to learn more about the edtech demand and opportunities abroad (since I have an edtech startup myself). But I still tried to gather as much experience as I could.

So here's my thoughts.

## Status quo

I own a company called Skafis ([skafis.lt](https://www.skafis.lt)) which makes edtech projects. For now not much money was generated, just a few hundred euros from donations on one website. But I have an idea, motivation and people who need the things I make.

I also just finished my minor studies on Pedagogy at Vilnius University, wrote my final thesis about edtech in math class (you can check it out [here (link later when uploaded, but only in LT)](https://www.example.com)).

Hopefully later gonna build an LMS (learning management system). I started making one with a team, but didn't pay much of attention, so the project is suspended.

In general, education in Lithuania is not the best (on average) and teachers don't really like using tech. Or just don't have enough funds devoted for it. So as a _kind of_ math teacher and _kind of_ programmer I see a lot of potential in this field, and a great ability to actually contribute to Lithuania's education. Sadly, education sector for business is not very profitable (or at least with my mentality). And it's also really hard to get into the market (sorry, no source, just _I've heard that_).

## Bett. 1st day

## Bett. 2nd day
